I hope this reason can deceive them
I must deceive 200 family properties
The identity must not be exposed at this time
I see
Pioneer, hurry up and apply to me to apologize
Sorry Shanshan
I shouldn't have doubted your identity
You heard me.
Shanshan is the real God of Luo Family
Well, it does make sense.
But he is the head of the Wang family
This person is just a stinky village girl
I'm about to be kicked out of the house
How could it be Miss Luo?
Being bullied by me here
Fair enough.
The bully was almost deceived by this bitch
Yang Qianfeng
Shanshan Huo
You two are so eloquent, aren't you?
Anything that dies can be said to live by you
Smelly village girl, shut up for me
Shanshan, please don't be angry.
I must kick him out today
What to do with these gifts?
We dare not disobey Mr. Du's order.
The face of the eldest lady of the Luo family
We dare not give it away.
That's easy.
Take the gift back first
Sign wind and Shanshan to get married in two days
Please send it again.
I don't care about the tens of billions of gifts
If you are afraid of offending my cousin
Just take the gift away
As for the wedding
Let's make it in 5 days.